Holy Bible, Bible in Basic English (BBE). Textfile 980302.
Gen 1:1 At the first God made the heaven and the earth.
Gen 1:2 And the earth was waste and without form; and it was dark on the face of the deep: and the Spirit of God was moving on the face of the waters.
Gen 1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
Gen 1:4 And God, looking on the light, saw that it was good: and God made a division between the light and the dark,
Gen 1:5 Naming the light, Day, and the dark, Night. And there was evening and there was morning, the first day.
Gen 1:6 And God said, Let there be a solid arch stretching over the waters, parting the waters from the waters.
Gen 1:7 And God made the arch for a division between the waters which were under the arch and those which were over it: and it was so.
Gen 1:8 And God gave the arch the name of Heaven. And there was evening and there was morning, the second day.
Gen 1:9 And God said, Let the waters under the heaven come together in one place, and let the dry land be seen: and it was so.
Gen 1:10 And God gave the dry land the name of Earth; and the waters together in their place were named Seas: and God saw that it was good.
Gen 1:11 And God said, Let grass come up on the earth, and plants producing seed, and fruit-trees giving fruit, in which is their seed, after their sort: and it was so.
Gen 1:12 And grass came up on the earth, and every plant producing seed of its sort, and every tree producing fruit, in which is its seed, of its sort: and God saw that it was good.
Gen 1:13 And there was evening and there was morning, the third day.
Gen 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the arch of heaven, for a division between the day and the night, and let them be for signs, and for marking the changes of the year, and for days and for years:
Gen 1:15 And let them be for lights in the arch of heaven to give light on the earth: and it was so.
Gen 1:16 And God made the two great lights: the greater light to be the ruler of the day, and the smaller light to be the ruler of the night: and he made the stars.
Gen 1:17 And God put them in the arch of heaven, to give light on the earth;
Gen 1:18 To have rule over the day and the night, and for a division between the light and the dark: and God saw that it was good.
Gen 1:19 And there was evening and there was morning, the fourth day.